Is there like a criteria where you can only say engineer
if you wear a hazmat suit at work or something?
- What is the-- - What is the--
- I'm just gonna buy you a hazmat suit.
- Oh, I would love it, please.
(upbeat music)
- It's one of those deals where credit card got swapped,
like new card details, and I forgot to fix it.
- Okay, have you seen that thing now where
the details just get updated automatically?
- No, what is this?
- I actually find this annoying.
So before if you changed your credit card numbers,
every single place that soared your credit card
would just break, and they wouldn't be able
to charge you again, and you have to go manually like
re-opt into everything, which is annoying.
- Yeah, I think I've been through that twice,
I think in the last year, for like the Brex,
and then make Mercury swap out my card.
So yeah. - Yeah, and I lose my credit cards
like so often, so I'm constantly dealing with this.
But one benefit was it was always a clean way
to like do a reset, and like get rid of subscriptions
automatically, and all that stuff.
But now there's a feature in like the payment protocol
world where a credit card issue
we can just push new card details.
- Interesting.
- And stuff just gets updated everywhere.
And a lot of times it's stuff that I don't,
that you have no control over it,
so people just get your new info
and they can keep charging you.
- That's not cool. - And it's super annoying.
Yeah, I know.
- Feels like the payments people are in cahoots
with the subscription people.
- Yeah, I think it's because the like failed charges
just have like a cascading set of like costs
through the whole system, but they're all really incentivized
to like, to make this all very smooth.
But now you just lost the ability to like yank your stuff
from everywhere.
Kind of annoying.
- It isn't annoying.
I don't approve.
I don't know who's behind it.
- The world pay.
- What's world pay?
- Yeah, it's one of these companies that no one has,
like you never hear about, but they're like,
they're like, they process like a lot of the payments
in the world and everyone integrates with them.
Like Stripe integrates with them to offer their services.
- I'm not a conspiracy theory guy.
Well, maybe I am, but that just sounds like the kind of thing
people would get real conspiracy theory about.
Like it, with a name like world pay.
- Oh yeah.
- It just sounds like dark, I don't know,
underpinnings of everything.
- Giant company never, and I think there's only two companies
in that category of them and someone else.
And yeah, it's almost crazy.
- Like if there's a company underneath Stripe
and I've never heard of it, that's kind of wild.
- Yeah, exactly.
We did an integration with them at my previous company.
And it was pretty crazy.
They gave us a manual with their protocol.
And of course, our protocol isn't like,
here's an HTTP API with like JSON payload.
It's like some binary format.
- Yeah, exactly.
- Yeah.
- And we had just, we implemented it in Elixir.
And it was actually a lot of fun
'cause it's a kind of work that, I don't know if,
you know how sometimes there's work that's tedious,
but simple and in a way, it can kind of be satisfying
'cause you're just like mindlessly doing a task over.
- Yes, there's like a very known target.
Like you know exactly what you're doing
and what your target is.
Yeah, I love that.
- Yeah, like sometimes you're like cleaning up a code base
where you're just like changing everything
in the exact same way.
And sometimes I like spending time doing that,
but even though it's a waste of time
and like probably AI could just do all that stuff instantly
for me, but it's almost like meditative.
- Yeah, Casey and I've talked about this a lot.
I actually love monotony.
Like I will take a task that she just gets so bored
immediately and can't like stomach doing it.
And I will nerd out for like two hours doing it.
Like there was a time we were cleaning,
we were helping a friend like renovate a house
and they had like paint on these windows.
And I just sit there and scrub that paint off
for like hours and I loved every second of it.
Something about like super mind numbing tedious tasks
I get off on, I don't know why.
- That's, I mean it's great to know someone like you then.
- Yeah, I feel like I've definitely used it in my career
with software, like there's been things where
I'll just brute force it, I don't care.
Like I'll just sit there and do the thing that,
like is the dumb way, but it takes forever.
And other people are like, there's gotta be a smarter way.
Nope, just do the dumb thing over and over and over.
- Yeah, yeah, that's good to know
because you know for our secret project
there's going to be some of that.
Are you looking forward to that part?
- I actually am, I had that thought yesterday.
I was like, man, I hope I get to do the thing
that you probably all don't want to do.
- I, I don't know how this doesn't give any,
it's not giving any way, this is totally unrelated.
But, stat news, we spent like 40,000, I don't remember.
We spent a bunch of money sending out like 1000 swag boxes
and we couldn't find a vendor, this was like eight years ago.
We couldn't find somebody that would make a good t-shirt,
a good hoodie, like an ice little card
and put it in a nice box and send it to people for us.
So we ordered, yeah, altogether like a shrink wrap
like perfect delivered package.
So we and stickers too, I think.
So we order all the individual components
and I boxed a thousand swag boxes in my garage
and sent them all over the place.
I did the ship station thing and I was just sending out like,
I'd have like 35 boxes on my porch every morning
for the male guy to come get and it went on forever.
Eventually I think the last few hundred,
I had some people, like college people came over
and I paid them to just like box them for me
'cause I was so burnt out.
But I had my mom here, like we were all just in a garage
pack and swag boxes and I loved every second of it.
- So Liz is very similar and I feel like
'cause she loves like the tangible aspects
of like getting work done.
And obviously, you know, being our age,
she's basically never had to do that for work.
Like her work has always been this abstract,
digital thinking thing.
So I think like a great end state for her
would actually be like running a physical business.
And I think that's like really where
she like gets a lot of satisfaction from.
And I get it to like sometimes I see some
like a well-run small business.
And I'm like, oh, there's just something.
So like you can just see it, you can like see it
and feel it and touch it that we don't get to have as much.
- I'm telling you, after that experience of the swag boxes,
I have forever wanted to have some kind of like small
internet business where we ship stuff.
I want Casey to make stuff.
She's very artistic.
I've like tried to push her like, let's do anything.
I just wanted to do shipping parts.
Let me do the logistics.
I have so much fun with that for some reason.
It's so dumb and like there's probably ways to outsource it
and not have to think about that stuff, but I loved it.
Something about it.
- Yeah, Liz's parents have a construction business
and they mostly do kitchens.
And it's just so crazy.
'Cause one, their jobs have a start and an end.
And it's like clear.
It's like they get a job.
They do it and they can take a picture of the final thing.
And there's no question of like, are we done or not?
Did it come out good or not?
It's just so straightforward.
Which is very different from everything I've worked on,
'cause it's like infinite and involving forever.
And there's no beginning or end.
- Yeah, projects can end, but software is never done,
is it?
You're just always...
Casey and I talked about this yesterday on a walk.
- Oh really?
- There's something else I said like, oh, it's never done.
Like software, it's never done.
I can't remember what the other thing was, but yeah.
Yeah, our job is just kind of like, just chipping away.
It's like, you have to be okay with that for a decade.
Just like chip away on stuff that may never get to a point
where you're happy with it or where it's considered complete.
- Yeah, and even things like movies
that are like a very creative abstract expression,
those also are very, you're done with the movie.
It's done in a chip and it's never gonna change again.
- Yeah, do you ever wonder like the movie industry?
So there are people who like producers who know
exactly what it takes to like plan, budget.
And I know they do like, they have big budget overruns
and time frame overruns, but like they generally know,
here's how you put together a team and you make a movie.
Do you ever wonder like, how much our process
and software differs and like, are we just completely
terrible at the like setting a budget and timeline
and then building it compared to other industries?
Like would they just laugh at us if they sat in the room
while we did scrum meetings or whatever?
Like, do you know what I'm getting at?
- Yeah, I think about this all the time.
And I think for whatever reason in the last year or so,
I've been obsessed with this exact concept.
'Cause I think me and Liz had some conversation
where we were talking about how, you know,
sometimes a good director just has a flop
and it just feels like,
purely the director's failure.
But then you think about how complex a making a movie is
and it's, and then it feels impossible
that there's even any good movies at all because like,
it's so complicated.
Like one day of filming is coordinating so many people
and if one person messes something up,
it's like a crazy budget overrun, everything cascades,
one after the other.
- Or the weather, like they have a day where it's,
they can't shoot outside because yeah,
there's just so many factors.
- And if you're filming this specific location,
like you have a fixed amount of time
to get everything you need done.
And then, and then there's a whole like post process
and the visual, it's like mind bogglingly complicated.
And then you realize how is there even,
how do like movies even ever get done?
It's insane.
And the other thing that's also kind of crazy is
you, if you like look at directors
that have like a breakout moment,
they'll usually go from making a small movie
to being given like a hundred million dollar movie.
And I'm like, this is such a,
of course they have like a million people around them
that have experience that are helping them,
but it's still really crazy to go from
like have that many resources under you,
like pretty much overnight.
- Huge responsibility to like get it all right.
Yeah, if you've ever watched like,
watched the credits all the way through after a movie,
just the number of people involved in making one movie.
And there's tons of good movies.
Like it's not like a rare thing
that there's a great movie that comes out.
So people are like moving this many people
in the same direction and producing amazing works
all the time.
And then you look at software
and it kind of feels like we're a bunch of idiots.
I don't know.
- Yeah, I know we rarely produce anything good.
It's pretty rare.
- Yeah, there's like few really good like software
that you can point at and be like that's a benchmark.
- Yeah.
- Before we get off the movie thing,
I've got this amazing theater now where it's completely done.
We finally finishing touches.
It's all it's perfect.
It's amazing.
- I love "Ties Your Child" in it, yes.
- Yeah, yeah.
We watched "Tress" a party.
That was a terrible idea.
But we watch like every Friday,
we have a movie night with the family
and we're watching just like every Pixar movie or whatever.
We're going through all the kids movies.
And then when my wife and I watch something,
she only likes stuff that's funny.
Like there's no good movies that are funny.
I don't know if you know that,
but we're just constantly sitting through terrible comedies.
When I wake up early on a weekend,
I want to watch a movie that's actually good.
Sorry, sorry, Casey.
I don't want to watch something that's like,
you know, like one of the greats or something.
And I don't know how to find those.
Is there like a list that I could just systematically work through?
I don't want to waste time.
Like I have only so much time on this earth to watch movies.
And I want to make sure I'm like,
and even when Casey and I sit down,
we'd love to just have a curated list.
We're not spending 20 minutes looking for a good movie.
- Just, so I have spent so many, so many hours
like working through this exact thing.
- I'm not even going to tell you what to do.
Just ask me, just literally just come and ask me
like what you're in the mood for.
- I'm just going to say, what should I watch this weekend?
Yeah, maybe go and tell me what I should watch this weekend.
- And I'll tell you.
Yeah, okay, so another thing you can--
- No, I'm literally asking you right now.
- Oh, well, but do you have like any kind of like feeling
or like, you know?
- Yeah, I like, I mean generally,
I like like critically acclaimed, like epic movies.
I like kind of like thrillers.
So I think of movies like Inception, like thinkers
where you're just like--
- That's good, let's start with Inception.
Have you seen all of Christopher Nolan's movies?
- I don't think so, I have them all.
I don't think that's, okay, just watch all Christopher,
that's a way to filter, just go by the director.
- Just start with Inception and go like backwards
and forwards like around.
- Okay.
- There, so Dunkirk, if you want to like a war movie,
that's what that's--
- I don't watch the war movie in a long time.
I used to love like same time.
- Dunkirk is amazing, and on your theater,
it has like one of the best sound--
- Ooh, okay.
- For good sound, that's like a fantastic movie.
I remember seeing it in theaters and like,
I can still like remember how the sound felt
like physically in my body.
- That's awesome, okay.
So Dunkirk's my next movie.
I'll watch it this weekend maybe.
- I personally really, really like the prestige.
- Oh, I like the prestige, yeah, I've seen that.
- Have you seen it?
Okay, so it's like, personally, like it's like my,
like one of my favorites.
Just I just like--
- I was gonna mix up with the other one.
- The illusionist.
- The illusionist, yeah.
- Both those movies came out
and like within a year of each other.
- Well, that's the same basic movie.
There's a very similar plot.
- Have you noticed this happens in Hollywood a lot?
Like you'll see like two movies come out around the same time
that are like almost about the exact same topic.
- Yeah, how's that happened?
- And I always wonder what's a backstory.
I've seen this happen so many times
that there must be some like,
I wonder if it's something like,
two studios were bidding on a script and one studio one
and the other one was like,
no, we still need to make that type of movie
and they just get like the B version of it, yeah.
(laughing)
- That's awesome.
Everyone that got turned down and casting,
they're picking them up like the second best of everything.
- Yeah, I guess it's like maybe like a financial calculation
where, okay, you know what it is?
It might be that same weird thing where,
have you noticed,
I mean, this might be a little bit more prevalent in cities
where you'll see two like stores that do the same.
There were two restaurants that serve the exact same type
of food all clustered in the same location
and you're like, why is this a case?
So when I lived in New York for a little bit,
I lived in Hell's Kitchen.
- Wait, what?
What's Hell's Kitchen?
- It's a neighborhood.
Sorry, it's a neighborhood in New York.
I guess that sounds crazy to someone.
- Okay, yeah.
- That hasn't heard that before.
Then Hell's Kitchen,
which is just,
I'm very don't want to go to New York.
- You lived in a restaurant?
What is it?
Is it a reality TV show?
With like that one chef that gets mad, sorry.
- Wait, what is that?
That is something like-
- There is like a Hell's Kitchen, I think.
Isn't that like a TV show?
Probably a stupid one?
- It's something like that, yeah.
It's other Gordon Ramsay one.
I forgot what his show was called.
Anyway, a block away from me,
there are literally three Thai restaurants
like within like right next to each other.
And I was like, this makes no sense.
Like, why would you open up a sec,
like another competing Thai restaurant next to the first one?
But there's this theory,
I don't know if we talked about this before,
but there's this theory that someone explains
where imagine a beach,
like a rectangular beach.
- Yeah.
- And you've probably heard of it before.
- No.
- Oh, you have it.
Okay, imagine a rectangular beach.
There's two ice cream vendors, okay?
They need to place their carts somewhere on the beach.
Maybe a first day, one goes all the way to the left,
one goes all the way to the right.
- Uh-huh.
- The guy on the left realizes,
okay, if I move 10 feet to the right,
I can like be closer to more people.
And like, if you just play this forward,
they both end up right in the middle of the beach
next to each other. - Right in the middle.
- Yeah, 'cause that's like the optimal place
for everyone to be.
So I think this type of, not this literal effect,
but that this type of thing shows up,
I think in a lot of places where,
if there's already a movie that's being made of this topic,
it's gonna be in the air and like you kind of benefit
from having an adjacent movie,
even if the same thing counter-intuitively.
- So I actually have a very related story,
or just like the idea of retail site selection.
One of the first things I worked in my career worked on
when I was freelance was this guy from Wharton,
who was like just graduated Wharton,
and one of his professors, this was like 2009.
So it was a long time ago.
His professor was like the statistics professor at Wharton,
and he made this, it was like an auction based ML model,
and we called it the black box.
But it was basically like,
you put in a bunch of data and it makes predictions, right?
Just, I mean, it's early days,
ML maybe, I don't know what early days is,
maybe it was in the '70s, who knows.
- Did you work on OpenAI?
Is that what you read at the time?
- No, that's how I'm going.
But his, they were taking it and trying to commercialize it
with retail site selection.
So they had this crazy giant database of census data,
and it wasn't just like all the census data,
it was like forecasted some company,
like forecasted census data, even in the future.
And we would take, we actually had a working prototype.
I don't remember what happened at the end,
like why it didn't take off.
But he had like early customers,
they were basically like, it was like crunch fitness,
was trying to figure out where do we put gyms?
Can we take all the data about the population in an area
and decide if we're gonna plop a new location down,
where should that be?
And it found some really interesting stuff,
like places where there was a high demographic
or a high number of firemen were like good locations based on,
'cause they had like 100 locations all over the US,
and they could take the data from those,
sales data and kind of figure out like what's driving more sales.
Anyway, I could not talk about that
after you just said something about like choosing a look.
- Yeah, that's exactly the same thing.
Your example of firemen is funny,
'cause I think that's actually the opposite
because the endless always talk about this.
- Yeah, we always talk about this,
'cause we walk around our neighborhood,
we walk by the firehouse a lot,
and we look in there and both of us like just acknowledge that,
if you're a man that, when you look in there,
you're just like, that is the life I want.
It's just a bunch of guys that are all friends.
- This is working out.
- And then they're just like working out with music
and there's like big giant space that has like no limits.
And it's just like--
- Yeah, that's kind of the life.
- Like the ideal male fantasy is to be a fireman.
So they don't need to crunch fitness,
they have something infinitely better.
- No, yeah, they've got the gym,
and that's a great point, you know, gym insight.
Maybe that's why the company didn't take off,
we had bad assumptions.
- Yeah, it's funny, 'cause probably around the same time,
so I spent a little bit of time in ad tech,
not a little bit, like maybe two or three years in ad tech,
and this was in the mid 2010, so 2013, 14, 15,
something like that.
- Yeah, I needed someone to blame,
so we'll talk about that in a little bit,
I'm glad to know it's your fault.
- Yeah, so this was a crazy era,
because this was when data started to explode,
like we all had mobile phones,
we're all doing a lot more stuff on the internet,
and there was like no boundaries on any of this stuff,
like nobody was thinking about any of this stuff.
So there was a company that shared,
I think they were in the floor above us,
and they were working on these beacons,
basically, that they would put all over New York City,
like in other in stores,
and people's phones are constantly searching
for Wi-Fi networks,
and when they search for a Wi-Fi network,
you can pick that up and you can get their MAC address.
So you can literally track--
- Oh my word.
- Like where people are consistently moving,
and it's like an incredibly,
it's an incredible data set,
'cause you basically understand movements in a city,
and there's like so much,
so many interesting things you can do with that.
And obviously, they were like,
the most interesting thing we can do with this
is like something with ads,
or something like stupid like that.
- Yeah.
- But then I remember like a couple years later,
when I was like not involved,
like I wasn't anywhere near this company,
Apple announced that they were gonna randomize a MAC address
every time it made a request.
- Oh.
- And I think to most people it was just like,
what the fuck, like what a random ass feature,
but there's just completely killed--
- Destroyed that industry?
- That entire industry.
And then like a year or two after that,
I was in this, I was part of this angel group,
and someone was pitching their startup,
and they had this really cool visual,
and it was meant to,
so they were trying to sell the security system type thing
to like big campuses,
like big office campuses or universities and things like that.
So if you need to evacuate people in some kind of situation,
you get a live visual of where everyone is,
using the same system.
And I was like,
I asked him about the MAC address situation,
and he like refused to give a straightforward answer,
'cause I knew it just could not work.
Like I knew the excessive detail why it didn't work.
And none of the other angel investors were technical,
so they just thought I was being annoying.
And I did not go in on investment,
and I don't think that company worked out either,
but yeah, this MAC address thing's just simple fix,
but it blocks all of that.
- Yeah, Apple's kind of been on the forefront
of like screwing the ad agencies for a while, right?
They did the other thing
where you have to explicitly like opt in to being tracked.
What was that?
- Yeah, that was more recent.
- Okay, so with all this stuff,
there's always like how far should you go
with protecting the consumer in this way,
and how much of it is actually kind of like
just redirecting the money somewhere else?
- Yeah, I am, I don't like a lot of that stuff,
but that thing that they did where like apps like Instagram
couldn't, they had like much lower fidelity tracking
after that change, it like broke a lot of small businesses.
Because that was, that mechanism of being able
to hyper target people on Instagram
just lowered customer acquisition costs
for like so many small businesses selling things.
And I just remember that year,
like so many companies were posting like,
we're going to go out of business,
like we have no way to our customers now,
like it just kind of broke that space.
So it's like, it's not a net bad thing.
And ads on Instagram, like I don't use Instagram,
but like when I go check it out occasionally,
they're so good.
I'm like these ads are content.
Like I would just have an app that just showed me
the ads and nothing else.
'Cause they do a good job.
Casey jokes that like when they talked about
that Instagram got busted for like listening to your mic
when it wasn't supposed to or something,
like she'll pick up her phone and just say like,
man, I wish I had a good whatever.
'Cause she wants the ads to be targeted to her.
Like she's trying to find things and like the Instagram ads
is the best way for her to find the product
she's looking for.
So she was just like, speak around her phone.
But there is some truth to that.
Like ads as a consumer aren't all bad.
Like sometimes it's nice to just be like served,
think maybe not if you're impulse buying it,
but like you're looking for a thing.
And sometimes ads help direct you in the right direction
towards the thing that you want.
- Yeah.
- The ad industry is a hot mess.
- Right.
- Like the tech side of it.
- Terrible.
- As a person involved with a consumer facing website
that makes most of our money off ads.
I cannot get over.
Like who works at these plate?
Well, apparently you work there.
Who is writing the code that like a thousand network requests
immediately, like you drop this little thing
an embed like an iframe to put this ad
and this ad networks gonna sell whatever slots on this thing.
I cannot get over the network activity.
They made a JavaScript running in the browser.
How much it all just breaks?
Like those JavaScript snippets are just crashing constantly
and then they're breaking our page.
I mean, there's just so many things about that picture
that I can't figure out, is it a bunch of like 12 year olds?
Who works at these ad agencies?
And I'm sorry if I just defended you if you work there.
But like, why?
Why do you have to do all that?
Why are there so many network requests?
Why is there so much JavaScript?
- I think that space is really weird because,
so the reason I left was at some point,
I mean, I was also young,
so I should have just been watching industries anyway.
But more specifically,
if you take a step back,
there's basically two parties in the whole thing.
There's someone with ad space
and someone with something to show in the ad space.
And there are like a hundred middlemen
in between like doing every little step of that process.
- Yes.
- And it's such like a broken, terrible industry
because most of those companies suck and shouldn't exist.
There's just like a weird history
that created all this fragmentation.
And I think that's a lot that's probably gone away
because for non-web stuff, like for app stuff,
a few companies just kind of entirely won.
But on the web, yeah, there's still this huge cluster
of little companies.
So you have like terrible stuff like you're describing.
But in other ways,
there's also some of the craziest,
highest performance things you'll ever see
because those are real-time bidding slots.
So when an ad slot becomes available,
there's like this process to like have
a bunch of companies bid for that spot in real time
and play something later.
- And drop it on the page in real time.
- So like on the back end, there's some like crazy
performance work that's done to like make all that possible.
So when you partner with a company,
you have requirements that they need to respond
in X amount of latency.
So then if you have, if you're one of those companies
and you have a data provider,
the data provider needs to respond faster than that
so you can make a decision.
- Yeah.
- But I think it's just one of these things where
the front-end side of things like
just nobody tried or like cared about that side
because they just didn't think,
they didn't really understand that it mattered as much.
- Yeah, it's terrible though.
I'm surprised it hasn't gotten better.
- Yeah, why don't people on the front-end try?
Maybe if you're a front-end developer, maybe try more,
try harder, try harder, try stuff.
Maybe just anything else.
Front-end sucks, sorry.
- It's like, yeah.
They put all the work to make everything
so performer and efficient and the last step,
they just kind of undo all of it.
- Yeah, all of it, yeah.
Yeah, I hate it.
- Yeah, it's by this thought, the other end you were saying
talking earlier about how do people
in other industries like laugh at ours?
And this thought occurred to me the other day
where I was like, you know, I've been in software for a while.
I got into it just on my own
without like really needing anything
besides like the urge to get into it.
And I realized I could be doing something
very different in the next 10 years.
Like when I'm done with the phase
of what I'm currently working on,
I still have like 25 years of career or so left.
And I'm thinking I might actually do something very different,
not like very, very different.
Like I'm not gonna go become a piano player, but.
- Or have a ranch.
That's what everybody says.
We're gonna become a farmer or something.
- No, yeah, no, no, no.
I'm definitely still gonna do stuff in tech,
but I think I really wanna go into something that's harder.
'Cause I genuinely believe that software's easy
compared to a lot of the stuff.
And I think it's a great place to learn a lot of good principles
that carry over to everything.
But I'm thinking like the next phase of whatever I do,
it might actually be very different from writing software.
I don't know where it's gonna be,
but I wanna like try to do something
that's more in the physical world,
like more difficult.
- It is interesting.
Like I've just always had this assumption
that I would not do this until I'm 65.
Like something about, I don't know if it's the industry,
if it's software development.
It's hard for me to look at like our parents' generation
and how they had a typical like work 35 years and then retire.
It's hard to imagine that scenario in my career.
I don't know what it is about it,
but I'm with you, like I've constantly had the feeling
that this is a limited run
and then there's some next thing in life.
I don't know what that is.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, you see it kind of play out
with a lot of software developers.
Like they become, they kind of climb to like senior
or whatever, I don't know, big companies call it,
staff engineers, whatever.
- Yeah.
- And then they like get into other stuff.
They're speaking, they're like,
the content creation draw is real.
Like the pipeline of junior developer to senior developer
to has a mic anchored to his desk is like a thing.
And I feel like there's a reason for that.
I don't know exactly what the mechanism is, but.
- No, yeah, I'm thinking like,
I think what's good is what the skills you have,
you can go into in a lot of different directions.
Like I can see myself like getting into manufacturing
and like thinking about, like an understanding
like what are the big problems in manufacturing
that are not solved.
You can see how it's like very related to software.
It's all about automation and stuff like that.
But yeah, as obvious as it is,
so I wasn't thinking like you,
I wasn't thinking like, oh, I'm gonna be just doing
something different.
I just thought, yeah, I'm gonna be writing software
for a very long time, but something unblocked in my head
and as simple as it is, I'm like, oh yeah,
I can learn something new.
Like, why can't I become as good in manufacturing
as I am in software?
Like nothing, there's really no difference.
And yeah, I think that sounds like really appealing to me.
- I mean, I love learning new things.
I feel like that's why I fell in love with software development
is just all the learning you get to do as part of this career.
And I feel like I'm always chasing that high
of like learning a new thing.
So I could definitely see that turning into
a different profession, even by accident.
- Did your dad, your dad was a software developer?
Did he retire as a software developer?
Like he did the whole thing?
- Sort of, and I guess, but also no.
And I guess this is, I guess to some degree,
I've understood this for a while because I've seen him.
So he was, he started out, he went to school
for electrical engineering actually.
- I wanted to do that, by the way.
I wanted to be like, I wanted to work at Intel
and wear the hazmat suits.
That was my goal.
That's all I knew.
I was like, those guys look so badass.
I just want to be in that suit, walking around,
and whatever they would in town.
- You know what's crazy?
There's a massive shortage of people
that know how to do that.
- Really?
- And because chip manufacturing has continued
and become super important.
There's a lot of opportunity in that field.
But you can go back.
- That'd be super cool actually to work at Apple
and like work on the M chips.
I mean, I'm trying to like go from
writes terrible JavaScript on the front end
to knows something about chip architecture in the manufacturing.
- Yeah, I don't know if I can jump in
at this point in my career, but that does sound super fun.
Like if you could just transport into a different career.
- Yeah.
So he was an electrical engineer.
And I think, I remember him telling me the story
and maybe I might butcher it,
but he was saying that he was getting a,
so he worked for a newspaper in India.
And he used to work on, you know those like billboards
that change like the flip ones where they like
the new billboards?
So he was like, build those or like work on those.
And he was trying to lunch.
And one of his friends just showed up on a motorcycle
'cause everyone in India took a motorcycle.
And he was like get on, there's like some company
from America is like hiring software engineers
like come let's like get a job.
It's just like so like random and flip man.
- Yeah.
- And my dad did a lot of software
as part of like at least firmware programming
as part of his electrical engineering degree.
And he actually liked that stuff a lot more
than the rest of it.
So he just like jumped on and then they went
and he got this job writing software.
And so he became a software engineer.
And this was this crazy arrow where to write software
you had, you can only write the software in DOS
and you had this giant manual that like told you
how to write it for like Windows.
You write the software in DOS
then you would like reboot into the,
into like the whatever version of Windows was
and then test your software.
If it didn't work, you have to like reboot back
and then it was a crazy cycle.
So you're like really read the book
to make sure you're getting everything right.
But he did that for years and progressed all the way
into like what modern software looks like.
But around 2007, he joined a hedge fund.
- Oh, right.
- Yeah.
So he was, you know, led a lot of the software work.
They're all the data engineering work there.
But became very good and like understood
the financial side a lot more and the trading side a lot more.
- Yeah.
- And got super into that.
He's retired, he like retired from that job now
and he works for himself now,
but not as a software engineer really,
he now works as a trader.
He like trades his own money
and he obviously uses software engineering to
- Yeah.
- Automate a lot of that.
But he got good at two things.
And I think that's critical to have like a very special career.
Like you need to get good at two things.
- Two things, interesting.
- And I like JavaScript and TypeScript to that account
or I'm not going to do the other one.
- Yeah, first get a good at one thing.
And if you can somehow pull that off
then you got to get good at a second thing.
But once you get to the second thing,
I think you're done.
- Yeah.
Okay.
- Just got to get two.
- Yeah.
So he did switch, but you know,
it's kind of similar what I'm talking about.
Like there was a pathway to going to the next thing
'cause he could use his expertise
and the thing he knew to like get work in that field
and then become an expert in that field.
So I think there's pathways to do that.
And for whatever reason, I wasn't considering it.
Like in software, just taking our skills
and applying them to basically any industry
'cause they all have software problems.
Like you could really like hard pivot
into something different,
but take all your skills with you.
Like I'm going to run an e-commerce business
and I know how to use technology
to make that better or whatever.
- Yeah.
Yeah.
And even like Liz's parents business,
they spend a lot of their energy
on things that are solved problems.
But it's not something that they can really adopt
or like learn or change or workflows.
And it just doesn't make sense.
But if we like took over that business,
you know, we'd run it very differently.
And yeah, stuff like that,
again, when it's in the physical world,
like it's not, especially with all this like question mark
around what is the future of software with AI.
Building a kitchen.
That's, I don't see anything
that's going to help with that anytime soon.
- It's going to be a bit before,
yeah, before the robots are doing that, yeah.
- Right.
So I think that's also got me like thinking
a little bit more broadly.
Yeah, it's weird.
I feel like my whole life,
I've just been very conservative.
And over time, I've just been open to crazier
and crazier paths.
And I've kind of learned to like do that.
- Embrace the chaos.
That reminds me of a tweet that's very related
that you tweeted 18 hours ago.
It says, don't worry.
AI is not going to take your job coding.
Do worry.
It'll probably kill the business you work for first.
If you didn't predict or think about this,
figure out why and fix it.
It's what will save you.
See, I hate when you do a cryptic tweet like this,
where you have to have like IQ 1000
to understand the last line.
In the last line, something ominous.
Like it will save you.
And I'm like, what will save you?
I don't know how to save me.
I got to save you.
Could you please explain so I can save myself?
- I have, I had this observation
and I struggled to put it into a tweet
that really expressed it.
So I went with something that like kind of captured it,
but it was a little bit more up and ended.
The observation I had is for years,
I've always been annoyed with engineers
because they focus just on like the code
and they like are so uninterested
in everything else around that.
Like even the next thing over like product or design
and like forget about like business or everything else.
So I've always wanted people to like expand
how they see their role,
but there's like no, my role is code.
So of course when AI comes out,
if you take that mindset and you see AI,
you're just like, oh my God,
they're gonna like make AI that writes code for me.
Like that writes a code I'd be writing
and like that's where they focus their fears.
But to me, that's a wrong way to focus on it.
Cause when I like play some of this AI stuff out,
I mostly see it eliminating a whole category of businesses
that we assume makes sense and will continually exist.
And that I feel,
I can see that happening before like it like doesn't matter
that it could write the code for you
if the code doesn't even have to be written anymore.
- Yeah.
- So what I find interesting is engineers are,
a lot of engineers are not seeing that dynamic.
And the fact that they're not seeing that dynamic
just overexposes them to this problem
because if they thought more broadly
and they're able to think about more things
besides just the code,
they have all these opportunities that they can,
they could jump onto that like avoids AI
at kind of limiting their opportunities.
So this is like weird like circular thing
and it's like hard to articulate,
but yeah, just obsession over code.
If you're obsessed with code,
you just think the end state of AI
is that it's going to be writing code
as opposed to really it's going to figure out a way
to like not have to write most of the code.
That's kind of how I see you playing out.
- Is this why you're going to move to something else?
Are you afraid of AI changing the landscape of business
so much that you'd rather get into something more physical?
- Yeah.
I mean, if I place a forward and of course,
playing a prediction game like this is hard.
I don't know if you saw my longer thread I wrote on,
like I gave the example with open table.
- Oh yeah, yeah, I saw that one.
- Yeah, so I was trying to like place some of this stuff forward.
And when I do,
I mostly don't see the need for a lot of like,
so if you take for granted,
okay, AI's going to get better.
Let's say it gets like, not like crazy better,
but like much better.
- Yeah.
- I see a whole category of like B2B sat
and like SaaS in general, like not really being needed anymore.
- The traditional like spreadsheet replacement apps.
- Yeah, just like all these like things
that were basically approximating what AI can do perfectly.
- Yeah.
- I see those going away.
I've already, even before all this,
I've already felt kind of pessimistic about the SaaS category
'cause I think a lot of it really was just running
on top of like traditional like enterprise sales efforts
versus like genuinely useful product.
Plus like, I think like the whole like self hosting thing
is also chipping away at like hosted SaaS and all of that.
So I've already felt negative about SaaS
and then now I see AI and I'm like,
okay, that like accelerates is even more.
- Yeah.
- So yeah, I don't know if the SaaS industry
is going to be the same as what it was
or if it even makes sense for that.
And if a lot of the jobs and opportunity came from working
for those types of companies, yeah, like I don't,
I don't like, I don't feel excited about investing more
in that SaaS category. - And to be the SaaS category.
- Yeah, so if I'm at a point where I'm like thinking
about investing in something else,
yeah, I just realized I could think really broadly.
Like it doesn't have to really be so narrow of just software.
- Am I a software engineer?
We've said that word a few times now.
And I know there's some debate about what it is
to be an engineer specifically.
You've watched me code.
Am I an engineer?
'Cause I use that word,
I think I use it a lot because it sounds a smartest.
Like I'm an engineer, just sounds way better
than I'm a web developer.
- Would you say I'm an engineer if you were talking
to people that like build buildings?
Or would you call yourself a developer?
- Well, I would say software engineer,
'cause it's different.
(laughing)
But is there like a criteria where you can only say engineer
if you wear a hazmat suit at work or something?
- What is the-- - What is the--
- I'm just gonna buy you a hazmat suit.
- Oh, I would love it, please.
- Do you view like software developer,
software engineer, software, what else?
Architect, I don't know.
There's all kinds of words people use.
And I guess they are different roles.
I haven't only worked in startups,
I'm so dumb about this stuff.
Do you think engineers like a prestigious title
that you should only use if you like went to school
or something, I don't know?
- Here's what I feel.
Like I get why there's a question about this word,
but to me, there are certain principles and ideas
and like skills, like meta skills that you learn
by being an engineer.
They're important to being an engineer.
Like the way you sell problems,
like understanding things like avoiding,
like having good judgment around avoiding complexity,
like finding really simple solutions to problems
and like what type of solutions are brittle,
what types of solutions work well.
All those meta skills you can definitely learn
from just working on software all day.
So yeah, I get why we call them software engineers.
I also get why, you know, people that work on things
that need to be way more precise or like find it weird
that we call ourselves software engineers.
Yeah, if you watch me on Twitch
and you're like, you work on satellite software or something,
you're like, yeah, you're not an engineer, sir.
I'm sorry.
- Yeah, it's also great.
Like did you, I'm like trying to remember this
and I like can't really understand.
When did like web development become like the entirety
of what you thought about?
Like if I think of software,
the broader software industry,
I just think about web development.
Is that what you're saying?
- Yeah.
- When did that happen for me?
- Yeah, it is really all I think about.
Is it the Twitter, is it like the more you're on Twitter,
the more you'll just think about the little nation?
- I'm not even talking about Twitter.
I'm talking about the little work I do
and the jobs that I had looked for
and like the skills I'd offer.
Like it's always web development.
I mean, of course, there's all this backend stuff,
but then the day all that stuff was just built
to power some web stuff.
- Yeah.
- When did that happen?
- I think we like accidentally got super narrow
and I didn't even realize that was happening.
- You're saying like you know the other stuff exists,
that there are lots of software developers
not working on web related stuff,
but it just completely like you have to think hard
about it to even acknowledge it.
Like it's kind of gone out of your mind.
- Yeah, I think partly,
but I also think just genuinely as an industry,
all of software just genuinely became web development.
Like a large percentage of it has.
- Yeah.
Well, is it like that situation
where it's the only thing anyone talks about,
but there's like the 90% of people still like working
on WinForms apps or something in like offices?
Is that still a thing or is that gone away?
'Cause I literally don't know.
I don't know if there's people.
- Well, I'm saying if you look at
the biggest companies created in the last 10 years,
of course, all of them have native apps
and I'm gonna bucket native apps
and web apps kind of under the same category
'cause they're all like, they're like saying they're the same.
There's like a backend and it like serves something
and the front end consumes it.
Like the architecture is roughly the same.
Like literally as we're talking about this,
someone just posts in the chat.
Why sell it over quick?
Just like the randomest question,
of course, about web development.
- Well, maybe you could help me,
I'm struggling here, I don't know if you can tell.
Maybe you could help me by like telling me
what are the other categories of software?
If there's web software, what else is there?
- I don't think there's much else.
Like of course, there's like firmware software.
Of course, there's stuff that runs on embedded devices.
And of course, there's stuff that like
really operates backend stuff
'cause there's no point of having a front end for it.
- Like the whole banking world is just like a bunch
of old code talking to each other.
- Yeah, again, talking to each other.
Yeah, yeah.
So of course, there's all of that,
but like most of us work on stuff
where there's like a backend and there's a UI.
And like, it seems like the whole industry
has been built around, that's what we ship
and that's what's useful and that's what's needed in the world.
And that might be generally true.
That might be what's needed in the world.
But something, I think the observation I had was
it feels weirdly narrow.
It feels like so simple and narrow.
Like there's just a backend and a front end and that's it.
And like every single software in the company,
like that's all they need to ship.
- Yeah.
- It feels weird that it's just that.
- So one clarifying question here
to make sure I'm really understanding.
Do you think that is reality that most of us
are working on what stuff?
- I do think it is reality, yes.
- Okay.
- It's like a perception.
- Because you look at jobs, if you go look at software jobs,
most of them are asking for this type of thing to be built.
- Web stuff.
- Every startup is like, we have this bold, innovative idea
that can truly change everything,
but all it needs is a backend and a front end, you know?
- Yeah, I remember tweeting, what did I tweet?
Something about cloud computing, eating something, I don't know.
It was something that was like a bold claim about,
like we should all just probably be building on AWS
or something.
And there was a guy who's like, what is his name?
I forget his name, but he's like the creator
of UML documents or something.
He like, he created something a long time ago.
- Yeah, Grady Grady Grady or something.
- He tweeted and he was like, yeah, that's a great view.
If you think the whole world is just web development,
but like what about people writing software for satellites?
He literally used that example, the satellite thing.
And I guess in my mind, I assumed,
oh yeah, I just had this very narrow view of the world,
but like 90% of software development
is actually all this like systems level stuff happening
on devices and mainframes and whatever.
But we just talked mostly about web development
because it's the, I don't know,
the gateway into software development.
But that's, you don't think that's true.
You think it's actually mostly people working
on web development.
- Yeah, I think so because when I just follow the money,
that's all I did.
I just follow the opportunity
and followed like what had the biggest numbers.
And yeah, this back end and front end
is the thing that had the biggest numbers
and the thing that was the most in demand.
- Yeah, okay.
- And it's crazy how, I'm just saying it's,
I'm like truly surprised at how most problems
in the world seem to be solved by that combination of things.
You would think it's like more varied or more diverse,
but yeah, it's not.
- Do you think AI changes that?
- I think so, yeah.
- You've had tweets that kind of elude to like,
maybe not as many front ends in the future
that kind of thought.
- Yeah, I think one of the last things
that'll ever be built.
And I actually think Vercel is working on this
'cause I've seen some like teasers from Jared
that feels like he's kind of put together this same idea.
I think one of the last things that'll ever be built
is to surface UIs dynamically
in the most useful way possible.
And UIs that are perfectly accessible,
like implement everything correct.
- Mm-hmm.
- If you can do that, you just have one app.
You have one app that can do anything.
Like an end state.
- It could interact with all of it.
- Yeah.
- Right of all this could be that every problem is solved,
like I said, right now every problem is solved
by a back end and a front end
and a bunch of engineers like going stuff together.
In the future, every problem could just be solved
by a database.
The database that needs to exist
'cause you need a physical way to organize data
on a physical medium, like a disk and retrieve it efficiently.
So a database gets to exist
and some kind of AI talking to that database
to like take input from the world,
structured, unstructured, whatever it is,
store it in a way in a database
that can retrieve later in a useful way.
And then later, like surface it as a UI.
Every problem can be solved by that combination of things.
The front end, there's only one front end in the world.
It's a front end that can surface
whatever these various AIs are.
- Or just, it's just a front end with a text box
that streams in text.
That's all.
We just need to chat with our systems, that's it.
- Well, they already did it, chat.
- Chat.
- OpenAI.com.
No, I hate the idea of like streaming in text
and that's like the way we interact with the stuff is just.
- I think a lot of things that works for,
but if you think about like calling a cab
and needing to see like calling an Uber
and needing to see where your driver is like on the map,
like a text version of that is not going to be better.
- No, right.
Oh, that's interesting to think of that UI
just being dynamically on the fly built up
based on some underlying system.
- Yeah, if it can figure out given what's happening,
given what the user wants is asking for
and given I know what the data says,
I know the right way to surface it.
And you don't need people like manually mapping those
over and over, often poorly.
- Yeah, no, that's making sense.
I like that future.
I mean, that sounds fun as a consumer.
It's kind of what, I mean, the V zero thing Vercel did
is sort of like trying to take like dynamically build up UI.
And I know that's different.
That's more from like a software developer
authoring a new app.
- Yeah, right.
But that's like a stepping stone to this.
- Yeah, I do hate every time I build the UI
and I'm like, am I seriously going to have to do this
with the forum and the whole thing
and like repeat the same garbage
I've had to make a hundred million times in my career.
If AI could just make accessible UI, that'd be fantastic.
- Yeah, exactly.
And it feels like that is achievable,
even with the current quality of AI,
it feels like it's a coordination problem of,
like piping it together in the right way
and being like doing that well.
Yeah, so I wonder if like, that's one possible entity.
And it's like AI plus database thing
is something I've also been thinking about
'cause that accounts for most backends
as well, you just need to make sure stuff
that's happening in the physical world
is making it into a database.
If the AI can translate between those two things,
that's most of what engineers' backend job is.
It's like you have some real world domain,
you understand how it works, create a schema for it,
make sure that when stuff happens,
it gets put into that schema.
Yeah, so like the ends, I don't know.
I keep saying end state, but when I say end state,
I mean, this is as far as I can like see in the craziest--
Yeah, there is no end software.
Yeah, as we talked about in the beginning,
even with AI, there is no end.
It'll be interesting, but there's still a lot of work
to be done to get there.
And even when it's there, there are so problems remaining.
And so the question is like, what will still need to exist
and you try to build that today
instead of waiting for that future?
Just assume that future happens
and then try to build what it needs today.
Yeah, I'm screwed.
I'm not predicting anything, I'm not ahead of anything.
It's all going downhill from here for me.
My career is on the downward trajectory.
There's a guy here in Miami, Aaron White,
and he's starting a company,
and he's super into all this stuff.
And a lot of what I just brought up was from me talking with him.
Yeah. He's looking at everything that's going on,
and he's like, okay, I'm gonna make one assumption,
which is someone builds a really great thing
that can go work on anything.
Like work on a lot of stuff like as good as a human does.
One problem still exists.
And his answer is so funny.
His answer is when there is a company
that has been around for a hundred years,
some consumer goods manufacturing company, whatever it is,
the one was a giant big enterprise companies,
and they're like, oh, we can hire this AI thing to work for us.
The problem they're gonna have
is all of our systems are old and stupid.
How do we onboard this AI as an employee?
We need to give them a laptop.
We need to give them access to the VPN.
We need to give them all this stuff so they can do the work.
So he's building that.
He's not building AI better.
He's trying to create the ultimate onboarding experience
that if you can onboard AI as an employee,
as an employee, what are all the stupid, annoying problems
you're gonna run into?
And that's why he's just running straight towards--
Yeah, that's a great idea.
But he could fail if AI just dies and does not work out.
But if it does work out, then he's in the exact right zone.
I love it now he's gonna have a bunch of competitors
from all the people who listened to art.
We got a very entrepreneurial listenership, I think.
Yeah, I don't know if I like this idea, but--
People are already asking questions in chat.
Does he charge per seat or--
What exactly is the business model?
Let's talk.
Well, it is funny that you think about,
oh, this stuff is gonna eliminate everything,
but then there's all these stupid problems
that are still remaining that'll be around for decades.
That's what Sam Altman said, right,
that AI is gonna take jobs.
But we're gonna create new jobs.
Yeah, well, I think the thing he said was,
it's gonna get created and we're all gonna be like,
whoa, and then we're just gonna kind of go back
to business as usual, because the world is so slow,
it just does not change quickly.
Yeah, and it's like the watching something grow,
like you don't really notice as you grow
and change over time 'cause it's slow and gradual.
Oh yeah, exactly, it never feels dramatic.
Like there's still companies that are like slowly moving,
like shutting down their databases
and moving them onto AWS still.
And this is impossible for like so long,
but the companies are so just figuring it out, so.
Mm-hmm, the world is slow.
Can I talk about something that has nothing to do
with any of this and it's basically like none of this matters?
I don't know where I'm gonna go with this.
But if this show is anything,
it's us talking about what's on our mind.
And I would be basically faking this entire episode
if I didn't talk about this
'cause it's all I've thought about for like four days.
Oh god.
So are you nervous?
Yeah.
I've not really been on Twitter because,
I mean, I've been on like every morning for a bit.
We had like a mutual friend.
I don't know if you know, if you know Zach.
Oh yeah, I know, I know.
Yeah, yeah.
So somebody that lost a child,
their youngest of five,
they had a house fire, horrible situation.
And I can't think about anything else this week.
I've basically been as little productivity as I could have
just the thought of his situation
and what he's going through.
And I don't know,
it makes me think about like how hard it is in today's age
to be connected to so many,
I feel like there's so many tragic situations I'm aware of
that I wouldn't have been aware of before the internet.
And that's not like, this isn't like poor me
that I had to hear about this situation.
This is like, I don't know how to navigate life
when I know about every war that happens
in every terrible situation in a family
or there's been people who died in our circle.
I mean, like in the last year,
we've lost some people, dev streamers,
like that's very specific.
That's a tiny niche and still like tragedy.
And we're all interconnected with this globalized society
now where you know about all this stuff.
And it's impossible to like navigate it out.
Not like when the war in like when Russia invaded Ukraine,
that situation sucked for a few days.
I know I remember like just not knowing how to think
about that or how to handle that situation,
but it was less relatable for me.
And this sounds, I don't know, maybe this sounds terrible,
but like we've never in America had that situation.
I don't know how to relate to that.
But when somebody loses a child
and I can't for four days hardly get anything done
because I just can't stop thinking about,
it's just like a fear of mine.
Like to lose a child is like the ultimate fear.
And then to think about this person
who does basically exactly what I do.
Like they're me just in a different place here in the country.
And their little daughter has white hair
like my little four year old
and looks kind of like my four year old.
And that's all I can think about.
And now I don't know like, I feel like I wanna do something
'cause it's like you just feel so bad in that situation.
And what do you say?
And we all kind of like respond and say things,
but it's like, I don't know.
I just feel like mental health is so hard in 2024
because we just exposed so much more tragedy than,
is that true?
Am I making that up?
Or are we just exposed to way more of this
than we would have been 50 years ago?
- Yeah.
I mean, so I don't have kids,
but I'm told by every single person that has one,
like once you have kids, you just see your kid every time
you see something bad happens and that happened.
I totally relate to that 'cause I've had things in my life
where it kind of fall at similar pattern.
Like I have a friend who's Palestinian
and like whenever he sees all the news,
he just sees his daughter in like every single thing.
And that seems impossibly difficult and hard.
Yeah, to me as I don't know,
it's like this stuff is bad stuff happens.
Like horrible stuff happens.
You can kind of see like you can take something from it.
Like the way he's handled all of it
and the way he's made would be like the way he's like,
you know, he still has like, you know, four other kids
and his wife, they're all going through it together.
So like seeing all that is really, really sad,
but in some small way, it's like, you know,
a little inspirational.
- Oh for sure.
- Just like witnessing like the strength of someone
in a situation like that.
But yeah, overall, it's just like extremely negative.
- That is the positive side is sort of the reminder.
It's the Steve Jobs thing.
Like once he knew he had cancer
and all of the mortality came crashing down for him,
he had those famous, there was a famous quote, right?
Just like, basically his whole mentality was different
after that because you're just gonna die.
And like, why not make the most of the time?
This sounds so cliche and so cheesy,
but that's all I can think about for four days.
- Yeah, but it is what it is.
Yeah, that is what that is, yeah.
Yeah, it's crazy.
And if you've seen some of the studies they do
with hallucinogens and people with terminal illnesses,
that's actually where they're trying to get people to.
'Cause a lot of people obsess over things that--
- Just the anxiety of it.
- Yeah, and they just kind of waste the time they have left.
Like they obsess over like, oh, can I stop this
or slow us down or other stuff?
And when people get those treatments
and they end up in a better place,
the better place tends to be just really genuinely,
like making the most of the time they have.
Yeah, I don't know.
I'm personally actually very bad at this topic.
Like whenever this kind of thing comes out,
like, let's always make fun of me for it.
Like, I just do not like want to think about it.
Like I'm kind of like similar to you where I can relate
to what you're saying because my approach to all this
is somewhat cowardly.
It's, I just avoid, I try to turn off the thought--
- Oh, I do the same thing.
- Or avoid the thing that makes me think about it
or whatever.
I know there's maybe a better place I can get to,
but I just don't have it in me to like work through that.
So yeah, I totally get what you're saying.
- Yeah, I feel like that's mostly what I've done.
This one, I did not do a good job
of keeping it out of my head or something.
I didn't have my defenses up.
But yeah, that's my approach.
I just don't want to think about any of it.
And it feels like, I don't know,
that's not very supportive or something,
but like, how can we all support everybody at all times?
There's terrible things happening constantly
all over the place.
It comes back to like,
just like, it feels weird to carry on like normal
when people are suffering,
when there's bad things happening.
But it's like, that's always happening.
It's literally always happening.
And in this age,
where we always know what's going on all over the world,
how do you operate normally ever?
If you're going to, it might as well be every day
because you know what I mean?
Oh, sorry.
(laughing)
- I had to, I shouldn't have read something red.
- Oh no.
- Red Paul's message.
- It was actually easier to be in Ukraine
than it was to read the two something.
(laughing)
But yeah, it's, I don't know.
It's like, and sometimes I get this feeling of like,
you like truly understand how like weird
and like crazy, like being alive is.
It's just this weird trippy thing.
Like none of it really makes sense.
And all this stuff is happening randomly
and just like very chaotic.
And I feel like that's in moments like this,
it's kind of the feeling that I have.
And I think it's the truth.
I think in those moments, like the illusion is broken,
like your understanding of like the progression
of like your life and like the things that happen
that happen in this order.
Like you see stuff like this
and it's kind of like completely shatters.
That everything feels surreal
and like you're in a dream or something.
I definitely been feeling that way.
I've been getting that feeling like a lot more.
- Yeah.
- But yeah, I don't know.
There's no answers here.
- There's just...
- There's no answers, yeah.
- No, this is kind of a...
- Which is a really weird and crazy end.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I guess I really do need to go.
It's just kind of bad timing.
This recording was sandwiched
between two things for me today.
So I guess we're ending on this note.
This is, I'm sorry that I brought it down for the ending
but it's maybe it's a good reminder for somebody.
You're gonna die, you know?
Sorry, that sounds so dark.
But like make the best of it, you know?
Wake up and make Apple or something.
I don't know, I got nothing.
There's no good way to land this plane.
But it's on my mind and I don't know how to take up
or deal with this kind of stuff.
And it's ever-present.
It's just gonna constantly be hitting us.
- I think the way I think about it is
it's almost like insurance.
You know, like when something bad happens,
like it comes out of everyone's thing
and pays for the bad thing.
I kind of see that in this way.
Like this bad thing happened and we're like,
obviously one family is paying for it the most.
But it also hurts all of us and I think that's good.
That's like, that's just the way it works.
That's a cost.
We're all paying some of it together.
- There's some amount of support that the collective
can provide in sort of helping to uplift
in those situations too.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, we should put a link in the show notes
for the situation and how people can help
if anybody wants to help.
- Yeah.
- Okay, well that was a, sorry, that was a downer on...
- Well, it's okay.
- Otherwise very upbeat and futuristic
in whatever episode.
I gotta go, I'm gonna actually be streaming.
I'm gonna turn on the stream
and I'm gonna go for a workout
and you guys can watch me get a pump on.
- Nice.
- There's a transition, nice transition.
Nailed it.
- You can be crying during the workout.
- Yeah, right.
All right.
- All right.
- See ya.
(upbeat music)